# ARSPA code for testing purposes.

## 0. Prerequisites
### ZoKrates
#### ZoKrates Installation
  Refer to the [ZoKrates Getting Started Guide](https://zokrates.github.io/gettingstarted.html) for a one-line installation command.
  
#### Setting up ZoKrates Path
  To ensure the ZoKrates binary is accessible from any directory, add it to your system's PATH. Run the following command to add the path to your shell’s configuration file (e.g., .bashrc, .zshrc), making the change permanent:
    ```
    echo 'export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.zokrates/bin' >> ~/.zshrc  # or ~/.bashrc
    source ~/.zshrc  # apply the change
    ```
### Remix IDE
For smart contract development, open [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) directly in your browser. Refer to the [Remix IDE Documentation](https://remix-ide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for setup instructions and tips.  for setup instructions and configuration tips.

 
### 1. Smart contract
  The smart contract can be deployed to the blockchain. Before deployment, the zk-SNARK verification keys inside the smart contract should be changed to the zk-SNARK keys generated by the HLDS programs.

### 2. zk-SNARK programs in Zokrates
Generate zk-SNARK keypair: (the verification keys should be embedded to the smart contract)
```
zokrates compile -i <name>.zok
zokrates set -s gm17
```
#### Generate proof:
```
zokrates compute-witness -a <inputs of name.zok>
zokrates generate-proof -s gm17
zokrates print-proof --format remix
```
### The output is the proof string $\pi$ and public input/output ($\vec{v},\vec{o}$). They can be passed directly to the smart contract functions $\mathsf{verifyTx}$.

### 3. zkSNARK programs' inputs generation
### The root and leaves of the Merkle tree can be computed using Zokrates programs in the input folders (input7, input10, input13, input17)
  ```
  zokrates compile -i <name>.zok
  zokrates compute-witness --verbose >> output.txt
  ```
### For example, to compute a leaf ($\mathsf{leaf = H(H(r),H(cID))}$), we can run functions $c<number>$:
  ```
  zokrates compile -i c1.zok
  zokrates compute-witness --verbose >> output.txt
  ```
### The leaf is written to output.txt:
  ```
  Computing witness...

  Witness: 
  ["12068829434966858217616654989280481420045420412202930300116223112089659876982"]

  Witness file written to 'witness'
  ```
### Similarly, we can compute the root by using functions $r<number>$
  ```
  zokrates compile -i r1.zok
  zokrates compute-witness --verbose >> output.txt
  ```
### The root is written to output.txt:
  ```
  Computing witness...

  Witness: 
  ["17088704704177241315644229239628817314264008424491911849361778587561865360994"]

  Witness file written to 'witness'
  ```
## 4. generate zkSNARK proof
 The main zokrates programs are in folders: depth7 ($2^7$ users), depth10 ($2^{10}$ users), depth13 ($2^{13}$ users), and depth17 ($2^{17}$ users).
 In each folder, there are 13 programs corresponding to the number of candidates (from 1 candidate to 13 candidates each reviewer).
 For example, to generate a proof for a system of $2^{17}$ users and each user reviews 13 candidates, we can use /arspa/depth17/c13/c13_d17.zok:
  ```
  zokrates compile -i c13_d17.zok
  zokrates setup -s gm17
  zokrates compute witness -a <inputs of c13_d17.zok generated from the above steps>
  zokrates generate-proof -s gm17
  zokrates print-proof --format remix >> proof_c13d17.txt
  ```
 The verification key in the smart contract should be updated using the newly generated verification key.
 The proof string in proof_c13d17.txt can be used to call the function verifyTx in the smart contract.

## 5. Smart contract
 The smart contract can be deployed in the main net or testnet.
 We can test the verifyTx() function by using the proof string from the above steps.
- NOTE: candidate IDs must be in the range of 0 to 12.
